good to your tickets to a new video
well today is a day something news and
it's turn to battlefield 4 that
confirm the departure date for
playstation 3 xbox 360 and pc will be
basically on October 29 the date of
departure and for now it is only confirmed
that departure date is not set
US do not know whether in Europe
it will delay a few days although it is what
what will happen or not the date is from xbox
wii and playstation 4 since in the
consoles the good ones of these consoles do not
you know exactly what your date will be
of exit in any territory that is to say
says it will be later this year but
it is not known if it will be released in October
November or December so good
for now it is official battlefield
4 is just as I say for x or 360
playstation 3 and pc so good is left
to confirm what will be the date for
weighs 4 and x are to one
and more things on the page basically
where can we reserve profile 4 we
will teach a playstation 4 cover and
the truth we do not know if it will be
officially we do not know if they will be
officially this way the play covers
They are 4 but good in the description
you have
where he puts the source and such in the
description because you do not have a picture of
what could be what they could be
the covers of crisis are four no
a kind of stripe up that puts
blue in which he puts ps4 and good little more
we do not know it teaching officially has
been that I really vote to the one who
surely not that it will be a kind
they would not have done it that way for
save time or have something with what
work from that base to be able to
power how to say book games
print 4 and such but good we'll see
to see what happens with that subject
it's a pretty separate topic too
it seems that the first dlc is confirmed
which will be in the racing and good
basically
what will have us will be four new
Chinese maps and such and such vehicles
and then the weapons and such with which
well that will be the first dlc
We will have free if we reserve the
game
if we reserve in the game by
I guess later we'll have to
pay it I do not know why it will be a dlc that at
after a while it will go on sale
and what do you book it for you will have it for free
so well nothing more kids that has
been everything and we do not see in the next video
of repulsion